fix(override-extend): update override-extend-variable module content (#211)
patternfly/training-scenarios: html-css/override-extend-variables/step4-instructions.md

> ## Add a PatternFly class for the layout

Reviewer: Remove

> ## Add a PatternFly class for the layout

Reviewer 2: sb: Now that you have an updated Card design, add several Cards and use the gallery layout to organize them on the page.

> Now that you have an updated Card design, let's add several Cards and use the gallery layout to organize them on the page. 

Reviewer: Remove instance of "you", don't capitalize the C in card, replace "let's"

 
1) <strong>Copy code into the index.html file.</strong>
 

> 2) <strong>Click the Copy to Editor button </strong> below to add html for multiple Cards to the index.html file.

Reviewer: bold entire sentence

Reviewer 2: <strong>Click the Copy to Editor button </strong> below to add html for multiple Cards to the index.html file.
sb
<strong>Click the Copy to Editor button  below to add html for multiple Cards to the index.html file.</strong>

> Now that you have an updated Card design, let's add several Cards and use the gallery layout to organize them on the page. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that the card design has been updated, add several cards and use the gallery layout to organize them on the page. 
```

 
1) <strong>Copy code into the index.html file.</strong>
 

> 2) <strong>Click the Copy to Editor button below to add html for multiple Cards to the index.html file.</strong>

Reviewer: This shouldn't be bold...

> Click the `Copy to Editor` button below to add html for multiple Cards to the `index.html` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click the `Copy to Editor` button below to add HTML for multiple cards to the `index.html` file.
```

  &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>
 
2) <strong>Create a wrapper around the cards.</strong> 

> Add a wrapper around the cards that were added in step 2. Do this by adding an opening `<div>` tag to the first line, and a closing `</div>` tag to the bottom of the file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add a wrapper around the cards that were added in step 2. Do this by adding an opening `<div>` tag to the first line and a closing `</div>` tag to the bottom of the file.
```

  &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>
 
3) <strong>Create a wrapper around the cards.</strong> 

> Multiple cards were just added and you need to create a wrapper around them. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple cards were just added, now eate a wrapper around them. 
```

Add an opening `<div>` tag to the first line, and a closing `</div>` tag to the bottom of the file.
 
4) <strong>Add a layout class. </strong>

> To the opening `<div>` tag, add the gallery layout class: `pf-l-gallery`</strong>.

Reviewer: Why is there a `</strong>` at the end here?

 
Hint: `<div class="pf-l-gallery">`
 

> 5) <strong>Add a gutter modifier to modify the gallery layout so that it includes a gutter.<strong> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5) <strong>Add a gutter modifier to modify the gallery layout so that it includes spacing.<strong> 
```

> Note: Add to the same opening `<div>` tag and add the class `pf-m-gutter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Find the same opening `<div>` tag and add the class `pf-m-gutter`.
```

  &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>
 

> 3) <strong>Create a wrapper around the Cards.</strong> Multiple Cards were just added and you need to create a wrapper around them. 

Reviewer: Return statement after the first sentence, don't capitalize the C in cards

Reviewer 2: <strong>Create a wrapper around the Cards.</strong> Multiple cards were just added and you need to create a wrapper around them. 
sb
<strong>Create a wrapper around the cards.</strong> Multiple cards were just added and you need to create a wrapper around them.

> <strong>Add an opening</strong> `<div>` tag to the first line, and a closing `</div>` tag to the bottom of the file.

Reviewer: bold the whole first sentence

Reviewer 2: 3) <strong>Create a wrapper around the Cards.</strong> Multiple Cards were just added and you need to create a wrapper around them. 
<strong>Add an opening</strong> `<div>` tag to the first line, and a closing `</div>` tag to the bottom of the file.
sb
3) <strong>Create a wrapper around the Cards. Multiple cards were just added and you need to create a wrapper around them. </strong>
Add an opening `<div>` tag to the first line, and a closing `</div>` tag to the bottom of the file.

> 4) <strong>Add a layout class. 

Reviewer: Only bold the first sentence

To the opening `<div>` tag, add the gallery layout class: `pf-l-gallery`</strong>.
 
Hint: `<div class="pf-l-gallery">`
 
5) <strong>Add a gutter modifier.</strong> to modify the gallery layout so that it includes a gutter.<strong> 
 

> Note: Add to the same opening</strong> `<div>` tag and add the class `pf-m-gutter`.

Reviewer: This isn't english
